Username enumeration via response timing

Goals
- Enumerate a valid username and then brute-force the user's password.

Your credentials: wiener:peter

Analysis:
---------

1. Make a request with dummy credentials to the website and send it to Repeater. After a few tries you will get an IP ban

2. X-Forwarded-For: 1  header is supported, which allows you to spoof your IP address and bypass the IP-based brute-force protection. If you add it
   then you can send again requests

3. Continue experimenting with usernames and passwords. Pay particular attention to the response times. Notice that when the username is invalid,
   the response time is roughly the same. However, when you enter a valid username (your own), the response time is increased depending on the length
   of the password you entered

4. Send this request to Intruder and select Pitchfork as the attack type. Add as payloads the values of X-Forwarded-For and username.  Then set the
   password to a very long value (around 100 lettters)

5. On the payload 1, select the Numbers payload type. Enter the range 3 - 103 and set the step to 1

6. On the payload 2, select the Simple list and load the list of usernames. Then start the attack

7. When the attack finishes, at the top of the dialog, click Columns and select the Response received and Response completed options. Notice that
   one of the response times was significantly longer than the others. Repeat this request a few times to make sure it consistently takes longer, then
   make a note of this username

8. Create a new Burp Intruder attack for the same request. Add the X-Forwarded-For header again and add a payload position to it. Insert the username
   that you just identified and add a payload position to the password

9. On the Payloads tab, add the list of numbers in payload set 1 and add the list of passwords to payload set 2. Start the attack

10. When the attack is finished, find the response with a 302 status by sorting by Status code

11. Then login with the identified username and password

username -> agent
password -> 121212